Updated TypeScript Comment (#540)
Rookout/docs: docs/node-setup.md

- [**Webpack**](https://webpack.js.org/) - use either the `inline-source-map` or `source-map` values for the `devtool` option in the webpack config file ([reference](https://webpack.js.org/configuration/devtool)).
- [**Babel**](https://babeljs.io/) - use either the `"inline"`, `"both"` or `true` values for the `sourceMaps` option in the Babel config file ([reference](https://babeljs.io/docs/en/options#sourcemaps)).

> - [**TypeScript**](https://www.typescriptlang.org/) - adding either `"inlineSourceMap": true` or `"sourceMap": true` inside the TypeScript config file is a must. Using `"inlineSources": true` is recommended. ([reference](https://www.typescriptlang.org/tsconfig#inlineSourceMap)).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [**TypeScript**](https://www.typescriptlang.org/) - add either `"inlineSourceMap": true` or `"sourceMap": true` as well as `"inlineSources": true` in the TypeScript config file ([reference](https://www.typescriptlang.org/tsconfig#inlineSourceMap)). Note that `"inlineSources": true` can be left out if the source files are present along with the transpiled files on the machine your code runs on.
```
